README.md, before:

# findme backend

The backend consists of three microservices

- findme-location-riddles
- findme-scores
- findme-users

## Local Development

### Prerequisites

- Docker
- [LocalStack CLI](https://docs.localstack.cloud/getting-started/installation/#localstack-cli)
- [serverless](https://www.serverless.com)

### Setup

1. create a sls-config-local.yml file in the root directory with the following content:
    ```yaml
    FindmeDashusersLambdaFunction:
      Properties:
        Code:
          S3Bucket: hot-reload
          S3Key: <absoloute-path-to-repository>/workspace/backend/findme-users
    FindmeDashlocationDashriddlesLambdaFunction:
      Properties:
        Code:
          S3Bucket: hot-reload
          S3Key: <absoloute-path-to-repository>/workspace/backend/findme-location-riddles
    ```
   verify that the paths are absolute and point to the correct directories
2. using python3.12 create a virtual environment inside each microservice directory py running `python -m venv .venv`
3. activate the environment to use the local project pip and python
4. install dependencies with:
    1. `pip install -r requirements.txt --platform manylinux2014_x86_64 --only-binary=:all: -t .venv/lib/python3.12/site-packages`
5. start the localstack container with `localstack start`
6. run `sh deploy.sh --stage local` to deploy the services (or `sls deploy --stage local` first in the `/infrastructure`
   directory and then in the root directory)
6. access the backend API
   on [http://localhost:4566/restapis/findme/local/_user_request_/](http://localhost:4566/restapis/findme/local/_user_request_/)
7. add new dependencies by extending the `requirements.txt` file in the microservice directory

### Hot reloading

With this setup the lambda functions are configured to automatically hot reload. This means that if you perform a change
in e.g findme-users/ you will see the change after saving without redeploying.

### Common Problems

- verify that you're using the specified python version to create the virtual environment
- double-check the absolute path in the `sls-config-local.yml` file
- The properties in the `sls-config-local.yml` file have to be named exactly like serverless names the cloudformation
  resources, double-check that the names match to the ones in `.serverless/cloudformation-template-update-stack.json`
=======
in e.g findme-users/ you will instantly see the change after saving.

### Token
To get a token for developing use the following curl command:
`curl --request POST \
  --url https://findme-dev.eu.auth0.com/oauth/token \
  --header 'content-type: application/json' \
  --data '{"client_id":"0FhpaZeIjhSG1lwNR3RWPI20VgLgU5rk",
            "client_secret":<client_secret>,
            "audience":"https://findme-dev.eu.auth0.com/api/v2/","grant_type":"client_credentials"}'
`

### Testing
To run the tests for the microservices, navigate to the respective directory and run ` python -m unittest discover -s tests` to run the tests.
(If the virtual environment hasn't been activated yet, you can do so by running the command ` source .venv/bin/activate`.)

Commit message:

write readme for each microservice and improve description in main readme.

README.md, after:

# findMe backend

This repository contains the backend for the `findMe` application. `findMe` is a social media platform where users can follow each other and engage in a unique game of location riddles. 

In this game, users post photos containing a geolocation. Other users then have to guess as precisely as possible where the photo was taken. The closer the guess, the higher the score. This creates a fun and engaging way for users to test their geographical knowledge and observational skills.

The backend is composed of three microservices:

- `findme-location-riddles`: Handles the creation and management of location riddles.
- `findme-scores`: Manages the scoring system based on how accurately users guess the locations.
- `findme-users`: Manages user profiles, including follow relationships.

Each microservice is developed using Python, and they are all deployed using Docker and Serverless. The backend API can be accessed locally for development purposes.

Please refer to the sections below for detailed instructions on local development setup, hot reloading, common problems, how to get a token for development, and how to run tests.

## Local Development

### Prerequisites

- Docker
- [LocalStack CLI](https://docs.localstack.cloud/getting-started/installation/#localstack-cli)
- [serverless](https://www.serverless.com)

### Setup

1. create a sls-config-local.yml file in the root directory with the following content:
    ```yaml
    FindmeDashusersLambdaFunction:
      Properties:
        Code:
          S3Bucket: hot-reload
          S3Key: <absoloute-path-to-repository>/workspace/backend/findme-users
    FindmeDashlocationDashriddlesLambdaFunction:
      Properties:
        Code:
          S3Bucket: hot-reload
          S3Key: <absoloute-path-to-repository>/workspace/backend/findme-location-riddles
    ```
   verify that the paths are absolute and point to the correct directories
2. using python3.12 create a virtual environment inside each microservice directory py running `python -m venv .venv`
3. activate the environment to use the local project pip and python
4. install dependencies with:
    1. `pip install -r requirements.txt --platform manylinux2014_x86_64 --only-binary=:all: -t .venv/lib/python3.12/site-packages`
5. start the localstack container with `localstack start`
6. run `sh deploy.sh --stage local` to deploy the services (or `sls deploy --stage local` first in the `/infrastructure`
   directory and then in the root directory)
6. access the backend API
   on [http://localhost:4566/restapis/findme/local/_user_request_/](http://localhost:4566/restapis/findme/local/_user_request_/)
7. add new dependencies by extending the `requirements.txt` file in the microservice directory

### Hot reloading

With this setup the lambda functions are configured to automatically hot reload. This means that if you perform a change
in e.g findme-users/ you will see the change after saving without redeploying.

### Common Problems

- verify that you're using the specified python version to create the virtual environment
- double-check the absolute path in the `sls-config-local.yml` file
- The properties in the `sls-config-local.yml` file have to be named exactly like serverless names the cloudformation
  resources, double-check that the names match to the ones in `.serverless/cloudformation-template-update-stack.json`
=======
in e.g findme-users/ you will instantly see the change after saving.
`

### Testing
To run the tests for the microservices, navigate to the respective directory and run ` python -m unittest discover -s tests` to run the tests.
(If the virtual environment hasn't been activated yet, you can do so by running the command ` source .venv/bin/activate`.)


### Token
To get a token for developing use the following curl command:
```
curl --request POST \
  --url https://findme-dev.eu.auth0.com/oauth/token \
  --header 'content-type: application/json' \
  --data '{"client_id":"0FhpaZeIjhSG1lwNR3RWPI20VgLgU5rk",
            "client_secret":<client_secret>,
            "audience":"https://findme-dev.eu.auth0.com/api/v2/","grant_type":"client_credentials"}'
